Cybereason query inbox and malop connections (#30933)
demisto/content: Packs/Cybereason/ReleaseNotes/2_1_14.md

#### Integrations

##### Cybereason

> - adding malop-connection command. The command allows you to query connection for a specific malopo
> - adding query-inbox command. The command allows you to query the available malops in the inbox
> - Adding start and stop time for filtering in multiple commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***malop-connection command***, The command allows you to query connection for a specific malop.
- Added the ***query-inbox command***, The command allows you to query the available malops in the inbox.
- Added the **startTime** and  **endTime** to multiple commands.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.83255*.
```
